DOCSP-16500-add-snippets-feature (#166)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/snippets/configuration.txt

     - Description

   * - ``snippetAutoload``
     - boolean
     - true
     - Automatically load installed snippets at startup.

   * - ``snippetIndexSourceURLs``
     - list
     - `MongoDB Repository Index File
       <https://compass.mongodb.com/mongosh/snippets-index.bson.br>`__
     - A semi-colon (``;``) separated list of one or more URLs. Each
       URL links to metadata about available snippets. See
       :ref:`multiple source URLs <snip-multiple-urls>`.
       
       To disable snippets, unset this value. See an
       :ref:`example <snip-ex-disable>`.

   * - ``snippetRegistryURL``
     - string
     - `MongoDB npm Registry <https://registry.npmjs.org>`__
     - The npm registry that the :binary:`~bin.mongosh` npm client
       uses to install snippets

Update the configuration options using the
:ref:`config <mongosh-config>` command, then restart
:binary:`~bin.mongosh` for the updates to take effect. 

Examples
--------

.. _snip-ex-add-registry:

Add a Second Registry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Configure a second, private registry for sensitive snippets by adding a
URL to ``snippetIndexSourceURLs``. 

.. code-block:: shell

   config.set('snippetIndexSourceURLs', 

>      'https://github.com/YOUR_COMPANY/PATH_TO_YOUR_REGISTRY/index.bson.br;https://compass.mongodb.com/mongosh/snippets-index.bson.br'

Reviewer: (same as above:)

```suggestion
     'https://github.com/YOUR_COMPANY/PATH_TO_YOUR_REGISTRY/index.bson.br;' + config.get('snippetIndexSourceURLs')
```

Author: Done
